README.md, before:

ve# Flask-React Docker Template

This project is a web app built with Python backend and ReactJS frontend to be used as a starter template.

## Built With

* [Python 3](https://www.python.org/)
* [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/)
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

## Prerequisites

You will need the following things properly installed on your computer:

* [Git](http://git-scm.com/)
* [Python 3](https://www.python.org/)
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

## Installation

* run `git clone https://github.com/PearlisSad/Personal-Site-Practice`

## Running

To run the project locally follow the following steps:

* change into the project directory
* `docker-compose up`

## Backend

Flask for the backend API (http://localhost:3000)
For more information see the README.md file in the backend directory

## Frontend

React for the frontend http://localhost:5000)
For more information see the README.md file in the frontend directory

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License

Commit message:

Add frontend with React + Vue JS

README.md, after:

# Personal Web Project

This project is forked from a React + Flask [template](https://github.com/caseyr003/flask-react-template).

## Project Plans:
- Make a portfolio page
    - List projects taken
- Make a web game only using React + Flask
    - Card game of some sort?


## Built With

* [Python 3](https://www.python.org/)
* [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/)
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

### Tools to learn
- Tailwind(CSS framework)

## Prerequisites

You will need the following things properly installed on your computer:

* [Git](http://git-scm.com/)
* [Python 3](https://www.python.org/)
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

## Installation

* run `git clone https://github.com/PearlisSad/Personal-Site-Practice`

## Running

To run the project locally follow the following steps:

* change into the project directory
* `docker-compose up`

## Backend

Flask for the backend API (http://localhost:3000)
For more information see the README.md file in the backend directory

## Frontend

React for the frontend http://localhost:5000)
For more information see the README.md file in the frontend directory.

https://www.contentful.com/blog/react-app-tailwind-css/


For testing:
`$env:NODE_OPTIONS="--openssl-legacy-provider"`

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License
